1. Create a folder with index.html and style.css files
2. Create a header for the top of the page. Listed below is additional
   information to help you recreate this header.
   1. The header is a flex container.
   2. The logo and navigation are flex items
   3. The navigation is a list of inline-block spans
   4. The header has the following properties and values:
      font-family: Verdana;
      font-size: 14px;
      font-weight: bold;
    1. The logo's color is MediumAquamarine.
3. Create the main container with content inside of it.
   To begin, include borders around each of the divs. This will help keep track
   of the flex containers. We will remove them during a later step.
   Listed below is additional information to help you recreate this content
   container.
      1. The main content container is a flex container.
      2. Each of the three columns is a flex item and flex container.
      3. The left (large), middle (medium), and right (small) columns have the
         following widths:
            .column.large {
              width: 630px;
            }
            .column.medium {
              width: 300px;
            }
            .column.small {
              width: 240px;
            }
4. Add images to the web page.
   Listed below is additional information to help you recreate this content
   container.
       1. Each image is the background of a div.
       2. The image divs are flex containers.
       3. The headlines inside them are flex items.
       4. The text for each story should have the following CSS styles:
          font-family: Georgia;
          font-size: 17px;
          color: black;
         1. The text on each image should have the following CSS styles:
          font-family: Georgia;
          font-weight: bold;
          font-size: 30px;
          color: white;
         1. The text on the main story should have the same values as above, but
            a font-size of 40px.
5. Make the story divs flexible.
   Listed below is additional information to help you recreate this content
   container.
       1. The stories, with their headlines, images, and text are flex items.
       2. In the first column, the flex items should be horizontally aligned.
------Ok, so I got stuck here.------------------------------^^^-----------------
6. Listed below is additional information to help you recreate the news bites:
       1. The third column's flex direction is column.
       2. These flex items have no margin and a black border on the top and
          bottom.
       3. The NEWS BITES text should have the following CSS styles:
          font-size: 16px;
          font-weight: bold;
         1. The list of news bites should have the following CSS styles:
            background-color: WhiteSmoke;
            font-family: Verdana;
            font-size: 12px;
            color: DimGray;
7. Create a footer.
   Listed below is additional information to help you recreate the footer.
       1. The footer is a flex container.
       2. The content inside the footer is centered along the vertical and
          horizontal axes.
       3. The content in the footer should have the following CSS styles:
          background-color: MediumAquamarine;
          margin: auto;
          font-family: Verdana;
          font-size: 12px;
        1. The MY Times title in the footer should have the following CSS
           styles:
           font-family: Georgia;
           font-size: 16px;
           font-weight: bold;
           color: white;
